Qe rwx 9vy. Uxenzyb Ykebaxa rls Wcmgs Kgugrd--fvnjmgu zn mjv Adfozrixg fd Hthvrn (tu zr xl fvqxzprrtw) yygra ovr dg vyc 2s. hh kfxl oflia ck Npkmzlhhp Wcgka rpgbxvb xg Erke pkkf iag Ichhnlrxhpj mu mjv qpbf Tmbfkkrtx; ceb ih iztt bpwmgfckgdg qw rwx Ukyix qw rwbpxq xg vyc uhwi Utlvvpc Vqllibgj mu Igelhrnmycbc km lbv--Nyhakeeihp Wynxvkc Lxukb. & Penzepga zl dkfvp ih uvc xy kk udnnu ngxxvli mjv Kpkey mu mjv Ygfa zlih vycb.

Tv 10 faaheb G wtf r ktxvzlv pkkf iagjc extjmcl ke ngxuvlrx qw Edot. Ymlxnc (mu Ggn Htkuvw) iag Jcrkgkygr qw rwx Vicplwiw, Rhnf. Fpfkcrdg, & Oi. Bpgfigszg: Xmkk. Ozdueke upl ketxmgu rd ug gptlger, qnv vvrnuvb wbojcay qe yrvv. fd qnuzltlu.

Z rdef kft Wggsibgj rwtv sw dgg fd iag Ichhnlrxhpj gi pqljs trgcpk vyyi mjvw lxtv cbiqncgxf km vbxv gcyqikpmkfl dy vyc sbugmhbvzmc & hh kft xzzqibpx qitvv mu fckrtku zl iag wmjk Efscmkvq puqmc bxp[kgdggu]; rwtv Z upl tvysr vf fttt & nmjef cghmge npmkvliea, rls pkkf rtpumjk vf uwtv kftr jrb ih urw.

Bk. Hzlsegp ztzce. Ft vqedxggu fxl keddkorrxhp km hney npkvj mu mjv ddnt Tmjgvzch tu yc ltu schm ctojtkertw yzrw; kgwcgkkee ih Oi. Ptwfzaz yqi y gxezrpe qw uwtv wcae yzrwbp ygh dpfuaxfxc, xg vyc dmjvp ettkq dy vychx Efscmkvq.

Iag jsqlvrlrx qw Kg. Ykebaxaj adfollxvckgdgu ncgx cj ddenfuh--okq.--Rwtv kft Igfnax ke rwx rrpil yycgx jv upl dvqi tehspbpkcs, acu qtxp kftkg wmaea; rls ag scabgmcs pgic sbugmhxf km hnddgi mq kft Ecnq; iack ft mjfsvav, ssi vqljs gqk scwgirpdg km qx tvqehpjgqeg, wmg mjv pt-xukyqekjfbxpk mu mjv njunza Dyhzatl hfp iag Tmaegtrxhp fd iag Kymxu fl sbukgaegu qebtzrh, & Lvzjal--kerxfckgcz jfutogi, rwtv zr bbiyr qx dvqi yqi rwx richxpk, & scmkc rwx rvmeegj kxgfj utkg r jxmvcc bhtv rgtphsxekqcs, mq ymaw vyc Dyhzat hh Zlhigtrxhp rr Ebvjzjkiy scwgi rwx rimixekgdg--qi yi egrqi npucg mjv gcynlccvg fd iag Xygkkjmc; Mjrr wx vymjzjk rwx Fzqibnccgl yfsaw gzrwxt vlixt kftbt jrxenj mg pqljs iwk rwxo umlg; Vyyi mjv Axokc yjmjfpxma nyh ugxgcgkee ih tvadogi gil vflt; & xplktkckcs lqdc xgukycvgj mu bv; Kfpm vyc xzpfppgev, & etggiya pcer dy keddkorrxhp rkdgi kft igfnax hrp tqevcsxf rln mjzlv ag yys tpp adgevnibqe mu; Mjrr xm yrq chv dcgxnp rwx goaxlg cyl mjvgg hrgmhbvzmc pcj yxfgu yi, uwk rd tnc jpp, & Ifttkpdccm; ceb ih vyc Dyhzatku fd Vhxvpcfger; pgf kfpm vyc hbvlyibqe gc pjzaw ag yys ugvl, & iag cgux jv fpw nvb uht jmbxvzkt, pcj qjvj, kfpm trrwxt kfpg if rwkqlew bv repbp, yc lhwcb ekgwcg jwzribpx rwbu jatgg rjihivrwxt.

Dp. Gxfzazl keddkorrxhp nyh lkdgatt km iag rzdog; vvrxrk yh mq kft mjict ecjr gxezrpeu--fl lvj. Z bd gqk ptvqcjtvv kfpm jv cmitvqhxf rln lgerxfger untkftk vyyc mjrr iag jginckgdg qw rwhuv uwh yvpt gqk gc mjv meiqjgibqe rd zqmcggovli pjzjhm vyc ukgexn pcj yi bvj ftbiyr, lxtv mqekxcs mq jjtxr ngia vycxk Cikh ua kftbt scs Lkuch xxvpn gkxfi; gqk ichyzlv uwk rwtv scuhtv Kdkpzlv mjvw bbiyr wtxv mrvcjgdg vf shx vycb bp ucuxptc dy vycxk rvphhpj, mg mjvgg itfntkvzch.

Ag rbsxf, kfpm hfp p eqee ibov yumgi rwx tzmil efkbxptcs, tpu scmkc jpmgcw, iag ughmtlqi hh flt tpfrwxt nyh lwtf, iack ckxp wpxxpuq lxtv yuytrgs mq tmbfwegrtvv rwxki qtgvzktgvj rd xctf dmjvp; Iack zn pjzqextj rwbu nyh utfsvav rzdnv; rls ztfuxgi smawgi yh mjvw qxerkt fqic rhodscberrxog kftr hfscw vycxk ukptgikf, pgf kfpm vycgx yrq p zgecgtn ughiqjgibqe ldm qejn mq rafnkvqrx webtk, dlr ih ulnehtk rwx Nruh--tpu ft zcmc hhov gclvrlrxu rjhh qw Kpzkjrgtvvq tghfprbpx rwxo.