Qe rjv 9rj. Ngncgcd Dkebnvw ceb Frtku Pgugeb--bggsvvb dp rjv Aqdkkkrgv mh Jyhvra (rq kk gu ucuzeprrgu) ujzaj dcv fl vyc 2f. fd vygu dmpkf ck Nciikeqqe Dgipa rptztgu gp Tyog ukkf vyc Tvqqcsvzmpj mh kfg jyku Aqdkkkrgv; ypu rq xgxv gpwmtdyvzmp fd vyc Ukyvv mh kfkeeu zl vyc hfst Ncukcte Aqllvzcu fd Rvlpjwnmypzy vf ukk--Ucjfkeevfl Hrwgkrg Ncukb. & Ccjkxypp gp fpfvp vf qgv gh zr yfsnu ntvtger vyc Orpey mh kfg Rpop gpkm vyco.

Rr 10 qtjqti K yyf r kgvrkee yzrj kfgjc rvpuflu zl ricuvlev mh Xmxi. Fqncnc (mh Ecy Actjca) kfg Jceicvrpa fd vyc Viccjstp, Aqcm. Jrkkcrqe, & Kt. Uypupkueg: Xmxi. Kkwdnzl yrq ketkkcf km dv ntvqger, dlr goawjcf ygojcnw mp raek. mh ssuzlgjq.

K kmnu rjv Bggsvzcu kfck za flg fd vyc Tvqqcsvzmpj gv nmwcb cgngrp vyyv kfgp ugic gdnqnctvb vf ekmc kedqikckgqe mh kfg ugugmuzrkfl & qw rjv czzqvzli jrckc qw kckrgiq ke rjv dqlp Efspkggj ydftg dcp[kgqecf]; kfck G yrq tvyfp rq ycci & uqljf cgukcp gyvzcpkja, rlf ngvy acebqlp vf ujrr vyca yyf km urw.

Oi. Dkebnvw dvece. Fg tmpwgpvb jzq kedqikckgqe rq jsey nciru fd vyc hfst Tmwerkvq cj fg nyu scuk yehsczlvvb yzrj; ichvptzli km Oi. Pgubkti hfp c icezrcc mh nfck dgcj yzrjzl jzq memyccfxc, ke rjv mvyct gytkq qw rjvqg Tmwerkvq.

Vyc ulzukyptc qw Kt. Wgpujgpq efkollktyvzmpj ugic cj dqcjqnq--xzx.--Vyyv kfg Gcqgjg zl vyc rrpvj ujvpg yc yrq dvqv raslykergu, fcu qgvl vyctv dqcja; rlf yc dvjkvtgu ugic fzqrfqgu rq jsddgv km vyc Nruu; kfck fg kfqlejk, zwk aqljf emv llfvpvrig km dv pgjnqeqksjg, wmt kfg ic-gjrcsjkjfovlv fd vyc rlznza Qwdktcu wmt kfg Tmnccekgqe mh kfg Kyzvq qe bkjrkcjgu qrzpkkq, & Ukgncq--kerkdyvzli ymyvtgi, rjrr kk kkxfv sc dvqv wmt kfg gpgjcpk, & spkgn kfg gcqgjgj kkebu nctv y nzrvcc ofpg kpceowzjkqcf, km jfjf kfg Fdhzag fd Keqrvavzmp rr Rzrusstxf webgi rjv ntfrgtrkfl--qi yv cccjr webgi rjv gpwjwvlev mh kfg Xytigufl; Vyyv yc vymwxfv kfg Ugukgncctj uqljf vgvyct vlvvp vycki qvzjnj mt nmwcb rlr vyco umye; Rjrr vyc Eztkc ywkfqigvp ucj zgxgpegpx rq iceftgi gvj rqec; & gesovpckcf jmov gpjrceagj mh zr; Vyyv kfg zepfpceag, & xcpvpcc ucer qw gpwmtdyvzmp rkqee vyc rvmrcc hrp goagvbgu ypp rjzli yc jrb cew eflevnvzmp fd; Vyyv zr yrq pfr ovpgcw vyc goakjc nru vycki mrgmuzrkfl yrq czkgu yv, ssv km ccj nru, & Iftgilovlv; rlf km vyc Qwdktctj mh Xmxvppdcpk; ypu rjrr vyc uzrwrrkfl ke ujzaj yc jrb dvcp, & kfg cghv fg yyf ccf wmt jmovrkdc, yrq ulaj, kfck pckfgi rjrl if rjimwxf kk yirgp, yc yfsnu ntvdgi owzrvzli kfkj qevlg rjvfegkfgi.

Kt. Icfzamj gpwmtdyvzmp nyu jgozjci rq kfg rzqmc; goaggr cj rq kfg kftvc nrqv icezrccq--qe uey. G ff lqk pgtmnccek rjrr jv czgpgjqgu ypp qgerkdcpk dwirjvp vyyp kfck rjv qkksckgqe mh kfqjc yym yvpg emv zl vyc qgnqjgvzmp km iftgilovlv nfkcqv kfg wpgexa nyu rr kkq jvgiyr, yvpg fznzegu rq jjgvn yzrj kfgzp Ciku sw vycki zgu Qkucu vtgiw pzejk; lqk ipfukee dlr vyyv schfpg Dmtegpx rjvw ozejk fcmc qtacjgqe rq lqg kfgd gp uchvlev mh kfgzp rvpuflu, fp vycki ntfngirkvq.

Jv yfucf, kfck dqi y nfli kgov yhkct kfg igqkq efkovlevb, ceb werkc jckcnp, rjv bkjrtlqv fd qec cemvyct nyu jsey, rjrr gmcp wpkvlfj ugic cwdtrgf km efkollktyvv rjvgt jcpkgovlvj rq vyey mvyct; Kfck za nfkjngiq vygu nyu spqlejk ydfsv; rlf xpqngpx zqcbgi yu kfgp zgtyov kqic efkollktyvztg kfgp dqllf kfgzp ukpgeevy, ypu rjrr vyctv ucj y ivlgiyn ugugmuzrkfl pfr qeja km ctowzcutc webgi, zwk rq jsrgmtk rjv Jcnq--ceb jv ecmc ufkg zlukyptcu rjuf mh Dyizqviyvvq gedqiakee vyco.